# ``AddressName``

An `AddressName` unlocks your ability to share content on the omg.lol service. Note that while an `Account` is technically free to create, Addresses on omg.lol are paid.

Once you have procured an Address on omg.lol your profile page can be accessed from a web browser at `http://addressName.omg.lol`, your /now page can be found at `addressName.omg.lol/now`, and you can be reached for email at `addressName@omg.lol`. Every piece of data provided by omgapi is generated by some Address owner and published under that Address.

## Discover Addresses

The omg.lol ``api/directory()`` will return the complete set of public omg.lol addresses. Use any ``AddressName`` instance returned by that function to request more data about the address.

Since `AddressName` is just a String typealias you can provide any value to the ``api`` and it will attempt to find the given address. Pages like Profile and Now will always be public, even for Addresses not listed in the Address directory. Unlisted Addresses may not have any other public content though, attempting to find a specific unlisted ``PURL`` for instance will throw ``api/Error/notFound`` if the content is not exposed publically.

## Working with Accounts

An Authenticated user's `APICredential` is valid for any `AddressName` that account has registered. Might be one, might be two, might be many. 

To determine which Addresses a given `APICredential` is valid for, use the `addresses(with:)` api call.

``api/addresses(with:)``

## Web Page content

An Address is most publically discovered at it's /profile and /now pages on the web. Since these pages are themed with HTML+CSS the Address owner expects the HTML to be visible to anyone viewing these pages. 

For this reason the /profile and /now pages have functions that will return the raw html content of the page as a string, and the client app can present that HTML string in whatever way makes sense.

``api/publicProfile(_:)``

``api/nowWebpage(for:)``

## Address structured content

The API also exposes this data as structured data models, where the content is represented by markdown text instead of raw HTML.

``Profile``

``Now``

``Status``

``Paste``

``PURL``

``Pic``

## Topics

### Convenience functions

- ``Swift/String/addressDisplayString``
